so here it is game 3 versus goblins and
we're gonna hope that they don't lead
with that you turn one Goblin Lackey we
have a lurin but we're gonna be looking
for impaired recruiter and our opponent
leads with turn one badlands but doesn't
have a lackey or a vial and no thought
cease so one of the things you have to
ask yourself is what would make my
opponent keep this hand I decide to play
misty rain force and I want to cast my
sorcery speed ponder because if he had
thought C's I think he would have cast
it turn one and I want to play around
lay sling because my opponent keeping
this hand signals to me that he thinks
he has hate for the matchup that
warrants keeping a hand without vile and
without Lackey which seems to me to
indicate that he has either multiple
waste lands or crows and grip or the
like some kind of sideboard hate that he
thinks is going to slow me down and on
turn two he does have a wasteland and no
to drop as well which is another
interesting turn so he didn't have a one
drop or a to drop but was willing to
keep that hand probably based on the
strength of wasteland and whatever else
he has in his hand perhaps he has matron
perhaps ER and he has a sharpshooter he
cast the Warchief here which is an
important part of him being able to stop
the combo because he does indeed need to
have haste for the Sharpshooter at the
end of his turn since I have multiple
brainstorms I don't normally like in
step brainstorms I'd like to wait so
that I can dig a card deeper but with
multiple brainstorms in hand I'm willing
to use one here to best take advantage
of the mana available to me we put a
couple cards down we're going to use a
fetch to shuffle away and get a look at
a fresh set of cards and our hunt for
Imperial recruiter and I'd do just that
again wanting to play around potential
thoughts eases since he does have
badlands showing I want to
keep a brainstorm in my hand if possible
we do find Imperial recruiter and I
fetch a basic swamp there because I want
to clear my opponents hand and make sure
it's safe before I combo off he hasn't
put any pressure on me at least up to
this point although the goblin deck can
go from zero to sixty rather quickly if
we're gonna see it here perhaps with a
goblin piledriver coming into play with
haste but it looks like that's all my
opponent has so once again on the instep
here we have to decide if we want to
cast brainstorm or not but I want to
protect a lurin and impure recruiter
from thoughts ease and I want to be able
to see as many cards as possible to find
a discard spell to try and clear the way
now intuition is great here I let's me
do my favorite thing with intuition and
search up three copies of cabal therapy
I'm gonna tap the tropical island here
because I'm assuming it's going to get
wasteland and then go ahead and main
phase intuition for cabal therapy now
cabal therapy is an interesting card
it's gonna test your ability to read
what's in your opponent's hand now
remember he kept a really slow hand and
now with several cards in hand he's kept
three mana up one of which is taiga
which signals to me although I would
normally want to call goblin matron this
signals to me that he has to have crows
and grip in hand he's trying to apply as
much pressure as he can while keeping
crows and grip up in case we play alert
so I play cabal therapy and sure enough
he has two copies of crows and grip plus
a second wasteland and I would wager a
fair amount of of tickets that he had
both wastelands and perhaps even both
crows and grips in his opening hand
thinking that multiple wastelands plus
the grips would be enough to disrupt us
and allow his slower draw
- in fact win him the game on his turn
it comes down to what he can top deck
and there's the Warchief that we knew
was in his hand and then a pretty saucy
one in Goblin ringleader and it draws
him goblin matron Goblin matron earwig
squad now squad squad would be quite a
problem for us if it ever hit play here
he's able to attack for lethal but
fortunately we have birds-of-paradise
which can block and so what we want to
do here is block with one bird to stay
alive and that leaves us with another
bird in play so that we can flashback
cabal therapy strip him of the matrons
that we now know are in his hand and
then play alluring and combo off with
Imperial recruiter although I played
rather poorly game 1
this game rather well and that's the way
it is in games like magic you you play
some games better than others and you
want to learn either way what am i doing
right what am I doing wrong and
constantly be evaluating could I have
played this game better I think my
opponent if he had time to evaluate his
line of play in this game he would have
chosen to mulligan is opening 7 for a 6
card hand that Mike could have applied a
little bit more direct pressure here we
play the alert after clearing the way of
goblin matrons cast our Imperial
recruiter and this is when I expect the
concession from my opponent but he wants
to make sure we still have the combo
pieces in our deck which is perfectly
reasonable and since we know the way is
clear we don't have to waste anybody's
time fetching multiple and peer
recruiters
we can just go straight to dream stalker
we can cast empiric Rooter once again
and we don't need to get multiple dream
stalkers either we can go get a cavern
harpie we want to be especially careful
seeing as how i misclicked and fetched a
quilling oracle somehow instead of
parasitic Strix earlier and recast our
dream stalker after playing cavern harpy
to bounce our Imperial recruiter and
then use in peer recruiter to fetch
parasitic Strix and then at that point
we can cast Strix as many times as
necessary to kill our opponent in this
case 10 times if we don't get the
concession beforehand but he sees the
writing on the wall and packs it in
thanks for watching I hope you've
enjoyed these videos on allure